# Study about Developer Experience & Productivity

<!-- > **Warning**
> This survey was abandoned. -->

The purpose of this study is to investigate the importance of Developer Experience in software projects along with its effect on productivity for the developers working on the projects. This research is being carried out at the University of Glasgow with the School of Computing Science. Before you decide whether you want to take part, it is important for you to understand why the research is being done and what your participation will involve. You should only participate if you want to; choosing not to take part will not disadvantage you in any way, and you are welcome to withdraw at any time. If you do so, then it will not be possible for you to be debriefed about the purposes of the experiment. All responses are anonymous and in compliance with GDPR and the University of Glasgow SoCS Project Ethics. Please take your time to complete the survey and ask us if there is anything that is not clear or if you would like more information. For questions, you can send an email to the researcher - Inesh Bose: 2504266b@student.gla.ac.uk

### Participant Agreement

- [ ] I understand and consent to participate in the survey

### Which of the following best describes the highest level of formal education that you’ve completed?

- Primary/elementary school
- Secondary school (e.g. American high school, German Realschule or Gymnasium, etc.)
- Some college/university study without earning a degree
- Associate degree (A.A., A.S., etc.)
- Bachelor’s degree (B.A., B.S., B.Eng., etc.)
- Master’s degree (M.A., M.S., M.Eng., MBA, etc.)
- Professional degree (JD, MD, etc.)
- Other doctoral degree (Ph.D., Ed.D., etc.)
- Something else

### Including any education, how many years have you been coding in total?

- Less than 1 year
- 1 to 4 years
- 5 to 9 years
- 10 to 14 years
- 15 to 19 years
- 20 to 24 years
- 25 to 29 years
- 30 to 34 years
- 35 to 39 years
- 40 to 44 years
- 45 to 49 years
- More than 50 years

### Which of the following describes your current job? Please select all that apply.

- [ ] Web developer (fullstack, backend, frontend)
- [ ] Native apps developer (desktop, mobile)
- [ ] System / data engineer / DevOps (background, architectural)
- [ ] Project manager / designer (low code interaction)
- [ ] `Other...`

### On a scale of 1 to 5, how motivated are you to work on your projects?

| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|   |   |   |   |   |

### What is the reason for your motivation or the lack of it?

`Long-answer text`

### If working in an organisation, what tools does your organisation provide?

- Continuous integration (CI) and (more often) continuous delivery
- DevOps function
- Automated testing
- Microservices
- Developer portal or other central places to find tools/services
- Observability tools
- Innersource initiative
- None of these
- `Other...`

### On a scale of 1 to 5, how would you rate the ease of use of your development tools?

| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|   |   |   |   |   |

### On a scale of 1 to 5, how would you rate the availability of documentation and support for your development tools?

| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|   |   |   |   |   |

### How much time do you think you spend on a task not writing code? Is this metric important to you?

e.g., reading documentations, watching tutorial videos, searching forums

`Long-answer text`

### How many tasks do you complete in a typical week?

`Short-answer text`

### How do you manage your tasks?

e.g., Trello, Asana, Google Keep

`Long-answer text`

### What tools do you use to increase your productivity?

e.g., Visual Studio Code extensions, JUnit, Git

`Long-answer text`

### On a scale of 1 to 5, how would you rate your current level of productivity?

| 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|   |   |   |   |   |

### What improvements could be made to your development tools to improve your DX?

`Long-answer text`

### What improvements could be made to project management tools or workflows to improve your productivity?

`Long-answer text`

### Do you have any other suggestions on how to improve your DX or productivity?

`Long-answer text`
